C:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\obj\Debug\net6.0\Lesson6_Loops.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\obj\Debug\net6.0\Lesson6_Loops.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\obj\Debug\net6.0\Lesson6_Loops.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\obj\Debug\net6.0\Lesson6_Loops.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\obj\Debug\net6.0\Lesson6_Loops.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\bin\Debug\net6.0\Lesson6_Loops.exe
c:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\bin\Debug\net6.0\Lesson6_Loops.deps.json
c:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\bin\Debug\net6.0\Lesson6_Loops.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\bin\Debug\net6.0\Lesson6_Loops.dll
C:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\bin\Debug\net6.0\Lesson6_Loops.pdb
C:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\obj\Debug\net6.0\Lesson6_Loops.dll
C:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\Lesson6_Loops.dll
C:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\obj\Debug\net6.0\Lesson6_Loops.pdb
c:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\obj\Debug\net6.0\Lesson6_Loops.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\Lesson6_Loops.dll
c:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\bin\Debug\net6.0\Lesson5_DT_Logic.deps.json
c:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\bin\Debug\net6.0\Lesson5_DT_Logic.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\bin\Debug\net6.0\Lesson5_DT_Logic.exe
c:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\bin\Debug\net6.0\Lesson5_DT_Logic.dll
c:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\bin\Debug\net6.0\Lesson5_DT_Logic.pdb
c:\Users\shish\OneDrive\Desktop\Войти в IT\BasicCourse\basicCourse\Lesson6.Loops\obj\Debug\net6.0\Lesson6_Loops.csproj.CopyComplete
